upgrade guide (#273)
Geode-solutions/OpenGeode: upgrade-guide.md

# Upgrade Guide

## Upgrading from OpenGeode v7.x.x to v8.0.0

### Motivations

The main goal of this release is to reduce memory consumption by introducting two new features: 

> 1) a new type `local_index_t` which can be used for indexing inferior to 255. This type is now used in PolygonVertex, PolygonEdge, PolyhedronVertex and all other struct similaire to these ones. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) a new type `local_index_t` which can be used for indexing inferior to 255. This type is now used in PolygonVertex, PolygonEdge, PolyhedronVertex and all other struct similar to these ones. 
```

> 2) a new MeshType `HybridSolid` which can only store store tetrahedra, hexahedra, prisms and pyramids but this restriction allows several storage optimizations which highly reduces memory usage and increase prefermences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) a new MeshType `HybridSolid` which can only stores tetrahedra, hexahedra, prisms and pyramids. This restriction allows several storage optimizations which highly reduce memory usage and increase performance.
```

> ### Breaking Changes

Reviewer: Missing renaming of helpers aabb file?
